# Notes for M2

### Explication of schema fields types

- __ASCII Folding Filter__, this filter converts alphabetic, numeric, and symbolic Unicode characters to their ASCII equivalents, if one exists.
    - Makes sense.
- __Lower Case Filter__, converts any uppercase letters in a token to the equivalent lowercase token. All other characters are left unchanged.
    - Makes sense.
- __Stop Filter__, this filter discards, or stops analysis of, tokens that are on the given stop words list. A standard stop words list is included in the Solr conf directory, named stopwords.txt, which is appropriate for typical English language text.
    - We dont have stopwords.txt generated.
- __Snowball Porter Stemmer Filter__, applied a language-specific stemmer generated by Snowball, a software package that generates pattern-based word stemmers. Includes built-in support for Portuguese.
    - Dont need because main language is english (95%? of english)

## Queries notes

Q1

Query: Best hotels near center of london
Justificação: In this we intend to search for the hotels near the center of London with the best ratings. As our dataset doesnt have many entries with London location we set location to United Kingdom and search for the keywords center London in the review text. The results are sorted by descending rate.
Words: London Center
Location: United Kingdom
Ops: London AND London Eye

Q2

Query: Hotels with good breakfast or great room service in new delhy<br>
Justificação: <br>
Words: good breakfast great room service <br>
Ops: good breakfast OR great room service <br>

Q3

Query: Good accessibility for handicapped people that are also well-served in public transportation options
Justification:
Words: good accessibility handicapped public transportation
Ops: good accessibility handicapped AND public transportation

Q4

Query: Vegetarian or vegan options in restaurant hotel around London
Justification:
Words: Vegetarian ORvegan options restaurant hotel london